Now go to the Council of Aid, WIC, and from the council we want to go to the cloud formation.
In the cloud formation console, you have multiple choice of how you want to create a new start.
Whether you want created from a template that you have already or you want to create it from a quick
start guide, or even you can use the designer.
So let me show you first.
The designer is basically a graphical user interface where you can map resources or drag and drop resources
from the left side of the NWC.
Resources here likes to, for example, I want an easy to understand so you can basically create a launch
template you can recreate and network around depending on your need.
Now remember, you have to be very careful about how you create those.
So for example, here I create the VPC and that VPC will be used for my easy to in instances and so
on.
I'm not going to show you how to use the UI of the cloud formation.
I just want you to know how it look like if you have a so let me go back now to my s cloud formation
console.
I will click on Create I Resources and I have two resources or I have two options here with a new resources
from scratch or with the existing resources.
This is a click on the new resources.
As you can see, we have multiple options.
We can use the template in designer we created there and then this is will be used to build the stack
or we can use a sample template which is the quickstart or we have a template ready and this can be
uploaded from our computers or from Amazon.
S3 You are.
And so you only need pass that you are not described.
If you click here and use sample template, you will find multiple template there.
There is the Lambda Stack, which we used for deploying the dynamic website for the cafe query our Ruby
on rails going to create WordPress and there is also multi easy deployment for this.
And even if you are looking for something running on Windows, you can run cloud formation templates
for Active Directory in Windows or some Windows features.
And for this demo I'm going to select the WordPress blog and then I will click next.
However, you can also view this in and the designer in the graphical user interface just to see exactly
what this thing is going to create for you.
You can see here we have a web server.
It's an obvious easy to understand and we have a web server security group assemble as that below.
It can show you the Jason output of this template or that YAML file of this template.
So this is how it looks like the cloud formation in the template.
For example, here we have a parameter which we need to provide the key name and that name.
It will be a name of an existing easy to keep here in sense instances time we are looking also for a
parameter for the instance side.
So we want the user to give us what is this side of his easy to in a sense when we create that we've
said about if the user provided no value, the default will be use.
If you scroll down, you can see also some description that you can use for that parameter of the instance
type.
No, the assistance location this is will describe the IP address range that can be used to us and said
to this easy to understand.
So you can see here and the IP you could also specify the DB name.
So the DP name values it's going to be, which are basically the resource that we are going to create
in this template.
So let me just move this a bit or make it a big ask now about other things.
We have the DB name value the DB use the DB password, the root password, and now we do the mapping.
Now this mapping, we can use it depending on which environment we are running this.
Are we running this in a production or in.
And here they are using just to map the architecture of the easy to in essence, it's nothing really
more than mapping between the different type of architecture that we have.
If you go even further, you can also run this template in multiple region.
And for each region we are basically providing a mapping.
So if we are running this in EFA South one, this is the idea that you want to use, you know, that
the employee IDs, they are different from region to another.
If we look for example, in EU West one, which is the Irish region, you can see we are using this
I but in the US East we are using different -- I.D. Now the resource in the resources section, we
are just specifying what kind of resources we are going to build using this term.
So we have a web server security group, the type of it is a security group and now we specify the property.
What is the description of this security group and what are the security group?
Ingress or inbound?
So ingress refers to the inbound route.
We are saying we want to open for 80 for any IP and we want to open port as a search from as a search
location, which is the parameter we define in the previous section in the previous block.
The second resource is the web server.
We say type the easy to understand and the.
The data of it is only a script we are going to load, which is a cloud formation in it or any issues.
And we will I will show you now where is this?
This kind of script is located for the configuration sits.
We want to install a WordPress a using the cloud formation.
So we will install the cloud formation template, install WordPress and we want to configure WordPress.
If you keep going, you can see the template is very large, but most of these blocks you we need to
build them in excavated manner so you don't need to build everything from scratch all the time.
So in the services here we are just specifying the services that we are going to use.
Once we do install the cloud formation, then we have installed WordPress and then this is what we need
to do.
Once we start to enter the stage of configuring WordPress, we want to set the password, want to create
a database and finally we want to configure the WordPress using this command.
And already this command is referring to a script inside the C2 machine.
Once the easy to is successfully vanish and to create the properties here we are passing the image ID
so we need to find in my being in the above when I show you the image ID which does depend on the region.
So we need to map that.
We also want to map the instance target from the upper meters and the security group and the key name.
And finally, we have the output section.
In the output section we want to print the public.
You are in the WordPress that we just to create.
So this is going to display in the cloud formation and stack the result of the declaration.
So let me go back now and I just selected WordPress blog and I click on the next no in the parameter
here they want to ask are they asking us about WordPress DB name.
You can change this.
That's one the first parameter we have.
We also asked to enter the stack name, so I'm going to create a demo here.
The DB password.
You can use any password that you want, but you have to remember this password because you will use
it later on to tell WordPress how to connect to the ADRs or to the DB that you create.
So I'm going to put Love Dash password to hopefully this will work for this demo and for the DB password.
We are going to put the same lab dash password.
Now the DB user, you can use the admin account so you can create an admin account.
This is going to be the user for the DB or you can choose a route.
Now you can see here from the instance time in the parameter, I could select any instance type that
I want.
So I'm going to select you to medium and the key name here.
It will give me a list of all the key pairs that I have.
And in this particular scenario, add the I have the aquarium key.
I have also the options to change this from any IP maybe to my IP or to a specific subnet depending
on how I want to deploy this cloud formation.
Simply click on the next.
Now in the next to you can configure a stock option.
These are for the cloud formation stack.
It's not for the template.
You can specify the name, you can call this, for example, demo.
Now the permission.
If you need any specific role, a name or you can pass the role Amazon resource name, which is the
unique idea.
Now what what will happen when we do a have a stack and that the stack will be filled you have to behavior
once the creation of this stack the first one you roll back also create a stack resources, which means
you don't need to create anything with a to create everything.
And if you fail to create this second option, you preserve those resources that they were created successfully
in rollback.
You won't have the whole cloud formation stack, if any of the resource, the creation fail in the second
one.
If for example, you are building a web server to an there the creation of the RB as fail, you are
going to see the easy to along and later maybe you can fix and modify the class formation template in
order to build the idea successfully, just give it to the default and then we click on the next.
No in the last step is going to show me the demo.
We specify a template and that template you are only as the description of the template and sometimes
in the root account you are doing this from a root account or from an IM admin user.
It can give you the total estimated cost here using the easy to cost optimization service.
And these are the parameters that I just passed and all the configuration, all I need to do is to create
this that.
So once you do create a stack, this is will create the stack and that is stack.
You can see I have an error here in the DB passport because you need to use only alpha and numeric characters
in a very simple way.
You can create a change set for your configuration and that changes it.
You can basically have it nested or if you don't want it to be nested, which means v111, overview,
1.2 and so on, you can just to create a gen set and in the chance that you can go back and provide.
Modification to the pyramid.
So I'm going to go in the previous stop here in the DB password and iPod dash password.
So we need to put only love password because this is only alpha matlab and we will try now to create
again this stack.
And if we have an error, the class automation is going to tell me here.
Now the class formation template is any creation as you can see from the status.
So you can see here there is multiple things, there is the stock demo information, the events, what
is happening.
So now it is creating the observer.
It managed to create the Web security group successfully and you can verify this by just going to the
security group in another top.
So go to VPC in a new tab now and you will be able to see if you go to security group that the security
group, which is the security group for the demo, is already created with inbound rules.
Go back to your cloud formation and you can see now in the resources it will print out the resources
that it was managed to create it successfully.
So here we have a easy to security group created create complete and we still have the alias easy to
in this sense the output is the section where you want to wait to see that you are in or of the world
of the press in the parameters you are going to see what you have has as part of meters to the cloud
formation template.
In the template itself, you are going to read the template that you just used to create.
This is back and whether you want to use it in designer or to see it in the designer or you can just
see it the chance it is the one you can going to create to provide different modification for this template
depending on your need and in the update.
So if you look here to the main event, this is will take a few minutes to launch and the easy to configure
it and also install and configure the WordPress based on the template system step that I described just
a few minutes ago.
So we need to wait for all of this to finish.
So let us pause now until this event.
Give us all of the output print out there.
Want to place your or the event here?
Tell me that the whole demo start in the stop here create complete similar to this is stuck here and
if you notice this is the stack that you use or Italy as used to build your lab environment.